# Udacity-Data-Scientist-Nanodegree

This project is a part of the Udacity Data scientist nanodgree term 2. The project is based on the StackOverflow 2019 dataset containing the responses of a survey. The dataset has been used to provide an analysis of what a career in Data Science is like, with respect to Job Satisfaction, Career Satisfaction, Salary, skills required. Apart from analysis, a Logistic Regression model has been trained to predict whether someone can become a Data Scientist or not. By analyzing the dataset, it can be observed what skills do Data Scientists have (what langauges, frameworks, databases etc they have worked with) as well as the educational qualifications most Data Scientists have. Using these data points, a model has been made which can predict if one can become a Scientist or not, upon entering the qualifications, skills etc, corresponding to the values similar to the ones in the survey dataset. Although according to the data, people who are Data Scientists also hold other titles like Web Developers, App Developers, etc simultaneously along with the respective skill sets, it still throws ligh upon what all is needed to become a Data Scientist. That does mean holding different titles too, since Data Science is a very broad field of study.

Moreover, this project highlights what people who are Data Scientists actually do. This project can also be molded to any other title like Web Developers, Mobile Developers etc to find out what it is that they do in real life. This information can prove to be very useful to beginners in a field of study and can highlight key areas for them.
